Partitioning database for block and transaction (#1194)
planetarium/libplanet: CHANGES.md

### Backward-incompatible storage format changes

>  -  Now Block and Transaction will be stored in distributed database.
>     Each block and transaction is divided and saved in epoch units
>     according to the unix timestamp that you have.
>     This epoch is divided using the seconds set in
>     `txAtEachEpoch` parameter and `blockAtEachEpoch` parameter
>     from `RocksDBStore`. (The default is 86400.) [[#1183], [#1194]]

Reviewer: The term “distribution” might have a nuance that these are distributed over network.  I suggest you to choose any other terms like “partitioning” or “sharding.”

```suggestion
 -  (Libplanet.RocksDBStore) The blocks and transactions became stored in
    multiple databases.  Each block and transaction belongs to a partition
    of the database, according to its epoch unit, which is its Unix timestamp.
    Every epoch is divided by certain seconds, configured by `RocksDBStore()`
    constructor's `txAtEachEpoch` and `blockAtEachEpoch` parameters (86400
    by default).  [[#1183], [#1194]]
```

Author: Changed PR title and description too.
